# Agents Assignment


Use any one of the below agent framework of your choice for your assignment:
1. Langgraph
2. Google ADK

For LLM model key you could generate and use:
1. Create groq account and  api key to use any available models in https://console.groq.com/docs/models
2. Download ollama and use any available models in https://ollama.com/library
3. Personal LLM key for any provider supported by agent frameworks like openai, gemini 

## Implement the below:

### Implement Persistence for Agent Memory:
Enhance your agent or multi-agent system by adding persistence using a database. This persistence should enable the agent(s) to store and retrieve relevant information across sessions, allowing for continuity, logging, and contextual awareness over time.

Task Requirements:
- Use a DB of your choice (e.g., SQLite)
- Agents should be able to write to and read from the DB as part of their workflow.
- Include a brief demo (or logs) showing data being stored and retrieved.

### RAG Agent:
A HR policy agent that fetches the data from a vector database and answers the questions
a. Use a chroma database to store and retrieve the vector index. Use “all-MiniLM-L6-v2” model for embeddings.
b. Use the synthetic dataset from the below link for indexing
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mrtejas/synthetic-hr-policy
c. Chunking, embedding and storing in vector store can be performed outside of agents.
d. Use tool for RAG retrieval
	
Any question relevant to the content in hr policy document above can be used to evaluate : 
- **Sample Input :** What is the process for approval to request time off?
- **Sample Output :** To request time off, employees should follow the designated process outlined in the employee handbook. This typically involves submitting a request through an online system or directly to their immediate supervisor or the HR department. The request should include the desired dates and the reason for the time off. Approval is subject to manager discretion and business needs, and employees will receive a response confirming or denying their request.

### Coding Agents:
Two agents to be created - one python code generator agent and one python code executor agent.
a. Python code generator agent will generate a code based on the given input
b. Then this code is executed (using a code execution tool or code execution agent)
c. If there is an execution error, then the input question, generated code and the error is passed to the code generator agent to update the code until successful execution.

	
Any python code generation question can be used to evaluate.

- **Sample Input :** What is the 5th and 25th Fibonacci number and 700th prime number
	 
### Multi agents:
Reuse RAG agent, code generator and code executor agents created in  task 1 and 2.
a. With them given a query by the user the appropriate agents has to be called and executed.
b. You can try predefined options like supervisor/hierarchical for this or even try custom routing.
c. Try both variants of questions and capture output.(RAG and coding)

- **Sample Example 1:**
Question : What is the 5th and 25th Fibonacci number and 700th prime number
Execution : Call code generator then executor(if needed correct code rerun etc) and then return results

- **Sample Example 2:**
Question : Is there any policy on work flexibility? (or) What is the health insurance policy?
Execution : The RAG agent is called and chunks retrieved and results generated by the agent returned.



## Deliverable:

Python notebook with the code implementations for all 3 areas above(RAG, Coding and Multi agent) with outputs. 
Note: please create a single notebook.
